Using a `TabView` inside an Angular app requires some special attention about how to provide `title`, `iconSource` and content (view) of the `TabViewItem`. In a pure NativeScript application `TabView` has an `items` property which could be set via XML to an array of `TabViewItem`s (basically, an array of objects with `title`, `view` and `iconSource` properties). However, NativeScript-Angular does not support nested properties in its HTML template, so adding `TabViewItem` to TabView is a little bit different. NativeScript-Angular provides a custom Angular directive that simplifies the way native `TabView` should be used. The following example shows how to add a `TabView` to your page (with some clarifications later):

HTML
<snippet id='basic-tab-view-html'/>

* tabItem:  This directive uses a JSON object to transfer properties to the native object. Actually, `TabViewItem` is a pretty simple object with just `title`, `iconSource` and `view` properties. Since `title` and `iconSource` are usually represented as text, TabView directive uses a small JSON object (`{title: 'Profile', iconSource: '~/icon.png'}`) to define these properties easily in HTML. The view however, is not so simple, therefore the directive uses the tag where `tabItem` attribute is set as view. Currently, the directive also holds the property `textTransform` which controls the capitalization of the tab title text. See the Styling section for more information.

> Note: If you have set the `iconSource` property on a `TabViewItem`, but are not seeing any icons next to the title, this might be because the icon is not present in your App_Resources folder. See the [Working with Images]({%slug images#load-images-from-a-resource %}) article for information on how to add and reference your resource images.